## README - Visualizations

This folder includes visualizations of the simulation processes. The `pos.zip` file stores the positions of the particles at each iteration, generated by the implementation code (the results provided here are from simulating \(10^5\) particles over 2000 iterations). For better organization, this folder has been copied from the `implementation` directory. In practice, you can also place the `vis.ipynb` notebook in the corresponding folder within the `implementation` directory.

### Running the Jupyter Notebook (`vis.ipynb`)

To successfully run the notebook and generate visualizations:

1. **Create a Conda virtual environment:**
   ```bash
   conda create --name ipynb python=3.11
   ```
2. **Activate the environment:**
   ```bash
   conda activate ipynb
   ```
3. **Install Jupyter Notebook:**
   ```bash
   conda install -c conda-forge notebook
   ```
4. **Install necessary Python packages:**
   ```bash
   conda install numpy pandas matplotlib
   ```
5. **Check if FFmpeg is installed:**
   - Use `which ffmpeg` to check if the FFmpeg package is installed. If a path is printed, use it to replace the path in the second code block in `vis.ipynb`, which is essential for creating videos.
   - If FFmpeg is not installed:
     - For macOS (what I used): `brew install ffmpeg`
     - For Ubuntu/Linux: `sudo apt install ffmpeg` (Note: I haven't tested this command, but it is commonly used.)
6. **Before running the code:**
   - Uncompress the `pos.zip` file to ensure the dataset is available.

### Videos
- **`Final_Simulation_Result.mp4`**: Visualization of $10^5$ particles simulated over 2000 iterations.
- **`small_scale.mp4`**: A smaller scale simulation with $10^4$ particles over 300 iterations.